annot: mix flour and water
ACTID: 0
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] flour (-1), water (-1)
annot: knead the dough
ACTID: 1
PRED: knead
[DOBJ, food] the dough (0)
annot: Add water to the flour in the mixer
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] water (-1)
[PP, food, to] the flour in the mixer (-1)
annot: Add oil to the dough in the mixer
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1)
[PP, food, to] the dough in the mixer (2)
annot: Take a piece of dough
ACTID: 4
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] a piece of dough (3)
annot: roll it into a ball
ACTID: 5
PRED: roll
[DOBJ, food] it (4)
[PP, other, into] a ball (-1)
annot: Coat the ball in flour
ACTID: 6
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, food] the ball (5)
[PP, food, in] flour (-1)
annot: roll out
ACTID: 7
PRED: roll
[DOBJ, food] (6)
annot: Cook the roti on the pan
ACTID: 8
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the roti (7)
[PP, location, on] the pan (-1)
annot: Flip the roti over
ACTID: 9
PRED: flip
[DOBJ, food] the roti (8)
annot: press on the roti so it puffs up
ACTID: 10
PRED: press
[PP, food, on] the roti (9)
annot: spread butter on the tortilla
ACTID: 11
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] butter (-1)
[PP, food, on] the tortilla (10)